Add `default-spacing-sizes` and `default-font-sizes` options for classic themes (#62252)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/how-to-guides/themes/global-settings-and-styles.md

| `editor-color-palette`      | Provide the list of colors via `color.palette`.           |
| `editor-font-sizes`         | Provide the list of font size via `typography.fontSizes`. |
| `editor-gradient-presets`   | Provide the list of gradients via `color.gradients`.      |

> | `editor-spacing-sizes`      | Provide the list of font size via `typography.fontSizes`. |

Reviewer: Minor copy/paste nit:

```suggestion
| `editor-spacing-sizes`      | Provide the list of spacing sizes via `spacing.spacingSizes`. |
```

Note: my comment here might not have the right amount of whitespace padding to line up correctly, so this might need to be committed manually 😄

Author: Fixed in 2dcd295fc7eb2022ba1a7dd000c150b34f901fbd
